hey did you know that you know that
yesterday was an election day it was and
have bad news
Trump's still president he's that
election is still 362 days away but
there are already concerns about
meddling in an unusually unified move 7
federal agencies have issued a warning
jointly about alleged interference from
what they describe as malicious foreign
actors which and by that I think they
mean the Hemsworth's right know the
leaders of the FBI NSA DOJ DoD and more
are warning us in other countries are
working to influence our elections
basically they're warning us that other
countries are trying to do the same
thing our president just did is
basically what's happening but most of
the malicious activity comes in the form
of disinformation on social media people
believe what they read so they just put
whatever up there and this is
fascinating CNN had a panel today they
had some voters some female voters in
Pennsylvania and if you're wondering how
what kind of people believe this stuff
and how Trump managed to even get
elected in the first place this will
tell you all you need to know
are you comfortable show of hands with
asking a foreign entity for help with
dirt on a political opponent
nobody is comfortable that you are
comfortable with it crystal why are you
why do you think it's okay to ask the
foreign power resident of the United
States you should be allowed to ask for
military information well this is
political illness all even political
information does that bother you and
every other president do it I can't
speak for any other president but I know
they all do it I don't know that to be
true I don't know that to be true either
[Applause]
that's quite a Jedi Mind Tricks you've
pulled there things did not go the
president's way last night it was a big
night for Democrats they took both
houses of legislature in Virginia giving
them total control of that state and
they appear to have won the governorship
in of all places Kentucky even after
Trump went to Kentucky to personally
rally the troops this week Trump's guy
guy named Matt Bevin suffered a
surprising defeat in very traditionally
Republican Kentucky he was ahead by five
points in the polls last week then Trump
showed up to support him and he lost
which is embarrassing what is the worst
part about this for Donald Trump is
Kentucky is where he gets most of his
fried chicken so that's team Trump was
in full spin mode today's campaign said
he just about dragged Bevin across the
finish line and Trump himself tweeted
multiple times he almost helped the
Republican when the governor's race this
is like the Astros bragging they almost
won the World Series we want three out
of the seven games that's one of the
other winners last night was a woman
from Virginia this is a woman I remember
this story she lost her job in 2017
after she flipped off the president's
motorcade she's on a bike she was a
marketing executive and was forced to
resign so after she resigned she decided
to run for office and she won she's on
the board of superpower
after giving him the finger just imagine
it see it moved him she would be
governor about it after the Republican
defeats in Kentucky and Virginia Trump
tried to change the subject today he
tweeted stock markets all three hit
another all-time and historic high
yesterday you are so lucky to have me as
your president just kidding spend your
money well I like just kidding he should
use that more for instance very stable
genius thank you just kidding Mexico
will pay for the wall just kidding happy
birthday to my son Donald J Trump jr.
very proud of you just kidding so next
week is gonna be a big week because next
week the public hearings in the
impeachment inquiry began the White
House today released another transcript
of closed-door testimony this time from
Trump's top diplomat to Ukraine that
again confirmed there was a quid pro quo
the evidence is mounting and as it does
Republicans have been complaining
privately that it's becoming very
difficult to defend the president which
I have an idea have you considered maybe
not doing that
[Music]
[Applause]
eventually something's gonna give the
dirts piling up yesterday we learned
that trump's ambassador to the EU a
gentleman named gordon Sandlin revised
his testimony to say there was a quid
pro quo this is a guy who donated a
million dollars to Trump's inauguration
fund this is one of trumps guys so today
the president spokes monster had to go
out on the lawn to explain why we
shouldn't listen to him is sunland a
credible witness it's Salman a credible
witness I guess I don't know in other
words as opposed to whom the other ones
that you're cherry-picking I mean is
Volker is Volker a credible witness is
he a credible witness so my question is
the president is yeah you can always
tell when Kellyanne gets her xanax
prescription refilled it's you know
Republicans are trying to blow the lid
off the whistleblowers identity today
Donald Trump jr. tweeted the alleged
whistleblowers named because of course
he did and one of Daddy's top apologists
from Kentucky Senator Rand Paul is
calling on the mainstream media to
divulge the name to we also now know the
name of the whistleblower
[Applause]
the whistleblower needs to come before
Congress as a material witness because
he worked for Joe Biden at the same time
hunter Biden was getting money from
corrupt oligarchs I say tonight to the
media do your job and print his name you
know I never realized Rand Paul was such
a curly little dwarf
[Applause]
I remember them Rand Paul who campaigned
on a platform about individual rights to
privacy who staunchly opposed things
like wiretapping well he's dead and the
new Rand Paul is a vindictive spiteful
little elf who moved out of the tree
where he makes cookies to take a
permanent residence in the president's
ass and this is interesting the
whistleblowers lawyer issued a statement
saying that as a result of the threats
to out his client which could
potentially endanger his clients safety
and the safety of his family for
protection he hired the neighbor who
beat Rand Paul up a couple years back he
remember that guy is it he's the guy who
jumped on the lawnmower and knocked him
off while his neighbor's name is Rene
Boucher and he is joining us now live
from his home hello Rene how are you
thanks for having me so Rene I have to
ask what services specifically are you
providing for the whistleblower what
services yeah did you hear about the
time I grabbed that sniveling Hobbit off
his lawnmower I made him eat a clump of
grass yeah yeah well yeah we have heard
about that but that well that's not
really the I dad doesn't answer my
question what specifically have you been
hired to do well that's a little tricky
my employer just wants to retain the
lawful protection he is entitled to
under the whistleblower laws uh and of a
certain little whimpering with a
home perm who never trims his
rhododendron bushes were to out him he
might get another visit from my rake
handle of the old wazoo you know what
I'm saying
hey up the old wazoo yes yes I know but
hey you know it's a crime to physically
threaten the sitting senator right well
so is fingering a whistleblower and by
the way what kind of a name is Rand it
sounds like a nightstand from Ikea I
know that because I keep getting his
mail oh really
look at this case of 30 erectile
disfunction boner bar what what the hard
hell are those for boners ha ha
sounds like maybe yeah they are I think
little Randy's working with half a stick
I sniffing business oh wait a minute I
see you could come out of your house you
little sorry Jimmy I gotta go okay
better run you baby leg little
if you liked that video click subscribe
and we'll be together until one of us
dies